# Genucel - Working E-Commerce Mock-up

This app is a _**fully functional e-commerce**_ site that utitlizes **React** in the front-end and **Node** with **MongoDB** in the backend. Data is sent via **GraphQL** over **Apollo Server** on top of Node while the cart checkout utilizes the [**Stripe API**](https://stripe.com/docs/api "Stripe API Docs") for making payments.

After initial access, the site fully works offline by making use of the built-in [**IndexedDB API**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API/Using_IndexedDB "Using IndexedDB") on browsers.

## About This App

The link to the deployed site can be found [here on Render](https://genucel.onrender.com/ "Genucel E-Commerce"). It’s a standard shopping cart that requires you to sign up for an account before it let’s you checkout. This site only requires a first & last name, email, and password. _**NOTE: There are no password requirements like having a specific length or having a certain number of specific characters since this is only a test site though it could be added rather easily.**_

> On a side note: I find that if users can sign up and login to a site they are more likely to come back and purchase more if they don’t have to keep putting in the same information. Some users would even sign up for a subscription if that was an option.

You select an item by clicking on the **Add to Cart** button. A popup will open in the upper right-hand corner where you can change the quantity or remove the item from the cart. **Quick note:** the gift items won't proceed to checkout unless another item that needs to be paid for is also included in the cart.

In the cart, you can select **Checkout** and it will take you to a checkout page where you can add you’re billing information generated by the **Stripe API**. Since this is setup in test mode, you won’t be able to input a real card number nor would you get a response email after completing the checkout. You can check this functionality by using this card number (don’t worry it’s not a real card number as it’s used by the Stripe API for testing) **4242 4242 4242 4242** and **Expiry 12/24**. You can put anything for the CVC, Name on Card, and Zip Code and you will get a **Success** page saying the order has been submitted and it will redirect you to the **Order History** page showing the date and what you ordered.
